No.
OK.
This looks very good.
But probably that is not the look that we want.
So why don't we head over back to this saves us what's right.
Contact.
So we're going to be working on this section copying pasted let's say end of contact.
Now let's start working with these parts first and foremost I would just want to work with the contact
section and that little bit of padding on our bottom.
So we're going to say purring or you know it's.
Padding on the top adding on top.
So where are you.
Right here.
This is gonna be to our.
A little bit of more padding.
Then we also would want to start working with this contact item and I would want to add some margin
in between them.
So well first of all gonna have to select the class of contact item that was our class and then let's
write Ma Jun bottom where are you.
Here.
Let's do like three areas.
So now between each and every item that I have the contact item I will gonna have the margin.
I also would like to start working with contact title so this is something that's gonna be interesting
because we're gonna be styling.
So going to say color first of all and the color is gonna be the primary.
Now in this case this should turn green.
And sure enough it does what else I would like.
Well we can do font family on family is gonna be to the slanted text so let's write where or let's find
this bad boy and this is gonna be our slanted text.
Now the actress is gonna look like this.
We can also add maybe text transform uppercase uppercase and I keep on adding all the time these quotation
marks and that's probably I'm still getting used to my new keyboard but it takes me a long time.
Oh it's also the letter spacing I would like to right now show you what's really nifty about the calc
function if you remember when we covered it as well as how we can use the variables.
So the calc function allowed us to do the mathematical operations and in our case we would want to say
okay.
So we have a spacing and for this we do have our variable.
So we had letter spacing zero point four.
But what if I would want to have the bigger letter spacing but not only bigger I would want to say let's
say twice as big as my normal variable.
So what I can do is I can pass the variable within this column function.
Well I'm going to be looking for a letter spacing and then we can create a magical operation.
So what I'm saying right now is make the letter spacing but make it double the size.
So that's also something really nifty whatever you need to use the caulk function remember that if you're
using developed variables you can do nice math operations with what else I would like.
Well we can also do probably font size bigger font size.
I don't know.
One point six something like this one font size ramps bigger and margin bottom is gonna be I don't know
zero point five I think that should do zero point five our AMS is gonna be our margin bottom are what
else we have where we have the contact text so contact text there's gonna be our next target.
And for this guy this is gonna be very actually simple text transform not emphasis Style Text transform
is gonna be uppercase.
So this is how we're gonna be working with this guy and then we're gonna be starting to work with portion
control.
Now what was the font control.
Well the form control was each and every input that will work and the way we're gonna start styled this
guy is going to be form control also in selecting this class right now and what kind of styles would
like first of all wanted displayed.
BLOCK Because at the moment it is displayed in line because all of them are one by one side by side.
So we're not in line but I would want them to be blocked so now they're spanning all across.
And what I'm seeing here is that there is going to be some kind of mistake already or you know I'm not
mistake.
I just need to add the.
So let's say here that the width is going to be a hundred percent.
And I'm just gonna make sure that all of them are working and I can see that the email is not correct.
And the way that I can see that not only email is not correct but actually the name also is the fact
that I missed out here.
So control and I was in control and now this should work.
So now all of them are displayed block and the with us in person.
And then I would like to get rid of the border so.
All right.
Border is gonna be known in case but later on we're gonna have the border in the bottom because if we're
looking at the finished project this is gonna be obviously what we're having right now but we see or
hear that we we're going to have the bar in the bottom so that's gonna be our next challenge of doing
border bottom.
And let's say two pixels solid.
So that type of border with a primary color.
So let's read primary color and this will gonna be our border master.
We also have the outline now whereas the outline coming in.
So let's say if I'm gonna go back to the project that we currently working.
And if you click on it notice you have this blue line.
So if you want to get rid of it you just need to write outline and we're gonna set this equal to none.
Also what the margin margins then we too are aims top bottom and zero left and right.
So we're just going to add a little bit of margin then we can do padding one point three arms and zero
again left and right there's gonna be no padding and then top and bottom there's gonna be one point
three.
We have also font size and you know what.
Let's make this a little bit smaller.
You can do like zero point five zero point eight five arms.
That's gonna be our fun size and we can maybe add also the font weight onto it is gonna people now as
you're looking at it you're probably thinking that we're styling this and that is true some of styles
are being applied right now to the place holder that we're having here.
However the moment I'm gonna start dialing not as the this is gonna be text that we're actually going
to be typing.
Now what I would like to do is style this place holder a little bit different than the text that I'm
going to be typing so I'm gonna type it here just so you can see what will be a difference.
So this is gonna be the text we're gonna be typing but we do have the selector sudo selector port of
place holder so we can say one control since this is gonna be in the class and then we can write placeholder.
Now what I would like to style in the place holder first of all the color and let's do primary color
primary color then we're gonna be text transforming.
So we're gonna see a text transform and we would like to transform and uppercase and letter spacing.
Let's do another letter spacing.
But in this case we're not going to do any caulk function or anything.
We're just gonna do the letter spacing.
So in this case I'm working with just a place holder because my text is not changing.
Don't believe me.
I'm going to start typing and you notice this is gonna be my text and that is gonna be a place holder.
Awesome.
Last thing probably what we would want is to set up the relevant layout meaning responsive layout as
we're changing the screen size so for the second we're gonna use the media query media screen and and
I mean with you know what I saw this one needs to be in parentheses with and here let's say like this.
Let's say that starting from nine hundred ninety two.
So the moment we get to nine hundred ninety two I would like both of them to be 50 percent as well as
I would like to add a little bit of padding because I obviously don't want them to be smushed together
as you know what's happening is we're not adding any padding then they're all gonna be literally side
by side.
So I'm gonna say contact info then also I'm gonna make a comma and contact form.
So those two columns that we had then we're gonna say what we would want to style them.
Well we're gonna say float float is gonna be to the left as well as the width is gonna be 50 percent
but we do want to add a little bit of panic.
Now I don't want any padding here top bottom.
I just want left and right.
That is how this is gonna work.
So if I'm gonna go to the finished project known as this is what's gonna happen.
So at the moment we're gonna get to nine hundred ninety two.
Then we're gonna have to column layer before that they're just gonna be stacked one on top of each other.
So that would be my address and then this is how we can contact the actual T station.
And then once I set them side by side this is all taken we can add a little bit of padding here for
the contact info because I would like to push it down a little bit.
So I'm gonna say contact info so separately uh here we're gonna be looking for the pairing of let's
say top and we can go with I don't know far five areas.
Once we say it then this is going to look a little bit more presentable and yeah this is how we can
work with contact action style.
RH The amount and now we have nice looking Contact section.